$Id: UPGRADE.txt,v 1.1.2.3 2009/05/06 13:39:49 fago Exp $

Upgrade from 5.x
----------------
This helps you upgrading from the drupal 5 compatible module workflow-ng.

You can easily upgrade from drupal 5 installations with workflow-ng to rules 6.x. 
First off install the rules module as usual, then go to update.php and run update 6001,
which is the upgrade procedure. It will detect the old workflow-ng installation and 
convert the workflow-ng rules to rules.

Furthermore you can import exported workflow-ng rules with the normal rules import tool.
It's a good idea to export all workflow-ng rules before upgrading to rules, so you can
import an old workflow-ng at any time.


Important notes when converting a workflow-ng rule:

  * When converting a workflow-ng rule, you need to have support for all used
    events, conditions or actions in 6.x too - otherwise the rule
    conversion will fail.
    
    E.g. if you have used actions provided by the og module, install and upgrade
    the og module first, then convert the rule.
    
    When the module conversion fails, make sure you have all involved modules upgraded
    and try again. 


  * Modules may help upgrading provided actions. E.g. the rules module provides
    an upgrade path for upgrading from the workflow-ng "Make content (un)sticky"
    action to the two core "Make content sticky" or "Make content unsticky" actions.

    If a module has changed its actions, but doesn't provide an upgrade path, file
    a bug report / feature request for this module. 

  * The workflow-ng extension modules are not yet ported - or won't be.
  
      States: 
        Deprecated in favour of using CCK, which comes with rules support.
        Support for "states on users" is dropped for now.
      Per entity logging:
        It's not yet ported, but the port is planned right after rules 1.0
        and will be released as a separate module.
      CCLinks:
        Deprecated by the flag module, which comes with nice rules support.
        Scheduling support is built into rules itself.
  